K8s: revise openshift cli getting started (#1675)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/deployment/openshift/openshift-cli.md

1. Apply the custom resource file to create your Redis Enterprise cluster.

    ```bash
    oc apply -f <rec_rhel>.yaml
    ```

    The operator typically creates the REC within a few minutes.

1. Check the cluster status

    ```bash
    kubectl get pod
    ```

    You should receive a response similar to the following:
    
    ```bash
    | NAME                             | READY | STATUS  | RESTARTS | AGE |
    | -------------------------------- | ----- | ------- | -------- | --- |
    | rec-name-0              | 2/2   | Running | 0        | 1m  |
    | rec-name-1              | 2/2   | Running | 0        | 1m  |
    | rec-name-2              | 2/2   | Running | 0        | 1m  |
    | rec-name-controller-x-x | 1/1   | Running | 0        | 1m  |
    | Redis-enterprise-operator-x-x    | 1/1   | Running | 0        | 5m  |
    ```

## Configure the admission controller

> 1. Check that the secret has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify the secret has been created.
```

    webhooks:
    - name: redb.admission.redislabs
      clientConfig:
        caBundle: $CERT
      admissionReviewVersions: ["v1beta1"]
    EOF
    ```

1. Patch the validating webhook with the certificate. 

    ```bash
    kubectl patch ValidatingWebhookConfiguration redb-admission --patch "$(cat modified-webhook.yaml)"
    ```

### Limit the webhook to relevant namespaces

If not limited, the webhook will intercept requests from all namespaces. If you have several REC objects in your Kubernetes cluster, you need to limit the webhook to the relevant namespaces. If you aren't using multiple namespaces, you can skip this step.

1. View your namespace YAML file to verify your namespace is labeled and the label is unique to this namespace (see example below).

    ```bash
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Namespace
    metadata:
      labels:
        namespace-name: staging
    name: staging
    ```

1. Patch the webhook spec with the `namespaceSelector` field. 
    ```bash
    cat > modified-webhook.yaml <<EOF
    webhooks:
    - name: redb.admission.redislabs
      namespaceSelector:
        matchLabels:
          namespace-name: staging
    EOF

    ```

1. Apply the patch.

>     ``bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

1. View your namespace YAML file to verify your namespace is labeled and the label is unique to this namespace (see example below).

    ```bash
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Namespace
    metadata:
      labels:
        namespace-name: staging
    name: staging
    ```

1. Patch the webhook spec with the `namespaceSelector` field. 
    ```bash
    cat > modified-webhook.yaml <<EOF
    webhooks:
    - name: redb.admission.redislabs
      namespaceSelector:
        matchLabels:
          namespace-name: staging
    EOF

    ```

1. Apply the patch.

    ```bash
    kubectl patch ValidatingWebhookConfiguration redb-admission --patch "$(cat modified-webhook.yaml)"
    ```

### Verify the admission controller installation

1. Apply an invalid resource (provided below).

    This should force the admission controller to reject it. If it applies successfully, the admission controller is not installed correctly.

      ```bash
      $ kubectl apply -f - << EOF
      apiVersion: app.redislabs.com/v1alpha1
      kind: RedisEnterpriseDatabase
      metadata:
        name: redis-enterprise-database
      spec:
       evictionPolicy: illegal
      EOF
      ```

>     You should see an error that the admission controller webhook `redb.admission.redislabs`.

Author: ```suggestion
    You should see an error from the admission controller webhook `redb.admission.redislabs`.
```

>     You should see an error that the admission controller webhook `redb.admission.redislabs`.

Reviewer 2: Looks like this sentence is missing something.

Author: I meant "from" not "that". Good catch!

  
    ```bash
    Error from server: error when creating "STDIN": admission webhook "redb.admission.redislabs" denied the request: eviction_policy: u'illegal' is not one of [u'volatile-lru', u'volatile-ttl', u'volatile-random', u'allkeys-lru', u'allkeys-random', u'noeviction', u'volatile-lfu', u'allkeys-lfu']
    ```

## Create a Redis Enterprise database (REDB) custom resource

> The operator uses the instructions in the REDB custom resources to manage databases on the Redis enterprise cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operator uses the instructions in the REDB custom resources to manage databases on the Redis Enterprise cluster.
```

1. Create a `RedisEnterpriseDatabase` custom resource.

>     We've provided an example below that will create a database for testing purposes. For production databases, see documentation for [creating a database]({{<relref "/kubernetes/re-databases/db-controller.md#create-a-database" >}}) and [database options]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/db-options.md">}}).

Author: ```suggestion
    The following example creates a database for testing purposes. For production databases, see documentation for [creating a database]({{<relref "/kubernetes/re-databases/db-controller.md#create-a-database" >}}) and [database options]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/db-options.md">}}).
```

>     We've provided an example below that will create a database for testing purposes. For production databases, see documentation for [creating a database]({{<relref "/kubernetes/re-databases/db-controller.md#create-a-database" >}}) and [database options]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/db-options.md">}}).

Author: ```suggestion
    We've provided an example below that will create a database for testing purposes. For production databases, see [creating a database]({{<relref "/kubernetes/re-databases/db-controller.md#create-a-database" >}}) and [database options]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/db-options.md">}}).
```

>     We've provided an example below that will create a database for testing purposes. For production databases, see documentation for [creating a database]({{<relref "/kubernetes/re-databases/db-controller.md#create-a-database" >}}) and [database options]({[<relref "/kubernetes/reference/db-options.md">]}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We've provided an example below that will create a database for testing purposes. For production databases, see documentation for [creating a database]({{<relref "/kubernetes/re-databases/db-controller.md#create-a-database" >}}) and [database options]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/db-options.md">}}).
```
